# Human_Activity_recognition
Human posture recognition and analysis have been a widely studied topic these days because of wearable devices' innovation. Thus, activity tracking becomes an exciting use-case for healthcare and fitness tracking applications for both the elderly and adults. In this study, we present the analysis of several machine learning models to detect a human's posture by the data gathered by various accelerometers attached to the body. Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random Forest Classifier, Stochastic Gradient Descent, K-means clustering, and Gaussian Discriminant Analysis are evaluated and reported in this study.


After conducting the above experiments, it can be concluded by looking at the observations that the technique which yields the most accurate results is the random forests technique (max_depth = 16), then the neural networks, followed by the Gaussian discriminant analysis. Approximately 99% accurate results from the Random Forest model, 98.5% accurate from the neural network with the rectified linear activation and learning rate equal to 0.05, and almost 92% accurate results from GDA are obtained. 
This is because the random forest is based on the principle of bagging. Thus a lot of training samples can be generated, and in turn, numerous low learning trees are generated, and their weighted mean results in a highly learned tree. SVM, Logistic regression, K-means clustering, and SGD have shown comparatively less accurate scores, and thus it can be concluded that Random forest is the best predictor.
